and we are already in the semifinals
reads third
must wait to get there
because you have to continue to comment is positive
and thinking that we are going to get much further yesterday
aranjuez we are already among the best four and finally Peru was able to break
with this animal he imputed curse that we wanted since 1997 the glass that
made in bolivia
adriana naranjo or a work and so we come to life
poor
let's play
a good time that will not be accepted
but chic
let's see we meet quintiq Lithuanian
2 uu bush succumbed without brilliance important crop
the fans again came together to encourage the selection but to those who
will face Colombia in the quarterfinals of the Copa America
people watched the game from a table or for from the outskirts
the thing was not to miss the meeting
in the first minutes the most incisive was Juan Vargas but his shots were not
they found goal destination
the first half was tied and in that we find a two
Colombians who were confident of the second place coffee win
time there is a Colombian goal you do not go to the pitcher america
the season in the extra match
It is very closed but
the art section parana xvi
the next opponent but adds that it ends in the second time
after highlighting the role in Peruvians
at least he was expected to shout a goal there is no other way let's call
because we are trying to do in the sea is intense and the player are
watching tc from peru
a principle that they did well human rights
hatred
11 of September
in the second half Colombia came out with everything ioma
Alberto Rodriguez was attracted to her in the area
it was criminal and the fans could not believe it
now
but incredibly the tiger and colon
almost at the end bugle could adopt but sent his shot to the crossbar and
ruled that the game go to extra time
extra time passed and each time the nervousness felt more
until this year
to the Peruvians
the people celebrated but still needed the final touch the goal of the 'crazy' vargas
Perón closed the key and returned to a continental semifinal
14 year old son
with the triumph
he made the streets
I believe that there were two Peru that was agreed from scratch
he remembered all these people
does not reach kazan purchasing power arrests that says convinced that
can be champion
jorge lorenzo champion